# metricName                                                  jobName
container_spec_cpu_period                                     k8s-cadvisor-default
kyverno_admission_review_duration_seconds_bucket              k8s-pods
kubelet_container_log_filesystem_used_bytes                   k8s-pods
kubelet_volume_metric_collection_duration_seconds_bucket      k8s-pods
authentication_token_cache_request_duration_seconds_bucket    openshift-apiserver-default
kubelet_runtime_operations_duration_seconds_bucket            k8s-pods
fluentd_output_status_slow_flush_count                        openshift-fluentd-default
csi_operations_seconds_bucket                                 k8s-pods
kubernetes_feature_enabled                                    k8s-pods
volume_operation_total_seconds_bucket                         k8s-pods
kubelet_http_requests_duration_seconds_bucket                 k8s-pods
erlang_vm_allocators                                          k8s-pods
konglog_service_agent_counter                                 k8s-pods
jvm_memory_pool_bytes_init                                    k8s-pods
jvm_memory_pool_allocated_bytes_created                       k8s-pods
jvm_memory_pool_bytes_used                                    k8s-pods
jvm_memory_pool_bytes_max                                     k8s-pods
jvm_memory_pool_bytes_max                                     k8s-pods
jvm_memory_pool_allocated_bytes_total                         k8s-pods
jvm_memory_pool_bytes_committed                               k8s-pods
java_lang_PS_Scavenge_LastGcInfo_memoryUsageBeforeGc_init     k8s-pods
java_lang_PS_Scavenge_LastGcInfo_memoryUsageAfterGc_max       k8s-pods
java_lang_PS_Scavenge_LastGcInfo_memoryUsageAfterGc_committed k8s-pods
java_lang_PS_Scavenge_LastGcInfo_memoryUsageBeforeGc_used     k8s-pods
java_lang_PS_Scavenge_LastGcInfo_memoryUsageAfterGc_used      k8s-pods
java_lang_PS_Scavenge_LastGcInfo_memoryUsageBeforeGc_max      k8s-pods
java_lang_PS_Scavenge_LastGcInfo_memoryUsageAfterGc_init      k8s-pods
java_lang_PS_Scavenge_LastGcInfo_memoryUsageBeforeGc_committed k8s-pods
java_lang_PS_MarkSweep_LastGcInfo_memoryUsageAfterGc_committed k8s-pods
java_lang_PS_MarkSweep_LastGcInfo_memoryUsageBeforeGc_init    k8s-pods
java_lang_PS_MarkSweep_LastGcInfo_memoryUsageBeforeGc_committed k8s-pods
java_lang_PS_MarkSweep_LastGcInfo_memoryUsageAfterGc_max      k8s-pods
java_lang_PS_MarkSweep_LastGcInfo_memoryUsageBeforeGc_max     k8s-pods
java_lang_PS_MarkSweep_LastGcInfo_memoryUsageBeforeGc_used    k8s-pods
java_lang_PS_MarkSweep_LastGcInfo_memoryUsageAfterGc_used     k8s-pods
jvm_threads_state                                             k8s-pods
redis_commands_latencies_usec_bucket                          redis-default
fluentd_output_status_retry_count                             openshift-fluentd-default
fluentd_output_status_num_errors                              openshift-fluentd-default
spring_data_repository_invocations_seconds_count              k8s-pods
spring_data_repository_invocations_seconds_max                k8s-pods
spring_data_repository_invocations_seconds_count              k8s-pods
workqueue_work_duration_seconds_bucket                        k8s-pods
workqueue_queue_duration_seconds_bucket                       k8s-pods
rest_client_exec_plugin_certificate_rotation_age_bucket       k8s-pods
container_cpu_cfs_periods_total                               k8s-cadvisor-default
container_cpu_cfs_throttled_seconds_total                     k8s-cadvisor-default
container_cpu_cfs_throttled_periods_total                     k8s-cadvisor-default
coredns_forward_request_duration_seconds_bucket               openshift-dns-default
rest_client_request_duration_seconds_bucket                   k8s-pods
rest_client_rate_limiter_duration_seconds_bucket               k8s-pods
rest_client_request_size_bytes_bucket                         k8s-pods
rest_client_response_size_bytes_bucket                        k8s-pods
kyverno_client_queries_total                                  k8s-pods
kyverno_admission_review_duration_seconds_count               k8s-pods
kyverno_admission_requests_total                              k8s-pods
caddy_http_request_duration_seconds_bucket                    k8s-pods
caddy_http_response_duration_seconds_bucket                   k8s-pods
kubelet_cgroup_manager_duration_seconds_bucket                k8s-pods
resilience4j_circuitbreaker_calls_seconds_bucket              k8s-pods
storage_operation_duration_seconds_sum                        k8s-pods
caddy_http_response_size_bytes_bucket                         k8s-pods
caddy_http_request_size_bytes_bucket                          k8s-pods
coredns_dns_request_size_bytes_bucket                         openshift-dns-default
coredns_dns_request_size_bytes_bucket                         openshift-dns-default
coredns_dns_request_duration_seconds_bucket                   openshift-dns-default
kubelet_pod_start_sli_duration_seconds_bucket                 k8s-pods
konglog_service_referer_counter                               k8s-pods
kubelet_runtime_operations_duration_seconds_sum               k8s-pods
kubelet_runtime_operations_duration_seconds_count             k8s-pods
kubelet_runtime_operations_total                              k8s-pods
fluentd_output_status_emit_count                              openshift-fluentd-default
fluentd_output_status_rollback_count                          openshift-fluentd-default
fluentd_output_status_flush_time_count                        openshift-fluentd-default
fluentd_output_status_emit_records                            openshift-fluentd-default
fluentd_output_status_retry_wait                              openshift-fluentd-default
spring_data_repository_invocations_seconds_sum                k8s-pods
kyverno_policy_results_total                                  k8s-pods
